Readme example (#87)
blei-lab/treeffuser: README.rst

It is designed to adhere closely to the scikit-learn API and requires minimal user tuning.

Installation
============

You can install Treeffuser via pip from PyPI with the following command::

    pip install treeffuser

> You can also install the in-development version with::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also install the development version with::
```

    pip install git+https://github.com/blei-lab/tree-diffuser.git@main

Usage Example
============

> Here's a simple example demonstrating the usage of Treeffuser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's a simple example demonstrating how to use Treeffuser.
```

> We generate an heteroscedastic response with a sinusoidal mean and fat tails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We generate an heteroscedastic response with a sinusoidal mean and heavy tails.
```

    n = 5000
    x = rng.uniform(0, 2 * np.pi, size=n)
    y = np.sin(x) + rng.laplace(scale=x / 20, size=n)

We fit Treeffuser and generate samples. These can be used to compute any downstream estimates of interest.

.. code-block:: python

    # Fit the model
    model = Treeffuser()
    model.fit(x, y)

    # Generate samples and return downstream estimates
    x_new = np.linspace(x.min(), x.max(), 200)
    y_samples = model.sample(x_new, n_samples=10**2, verbose=True)
    y_preds = y_samples.mean(axis=0)
    y_q05, y_q95 = np.quantile(y_samples, q=[0.05, 0.95], axis=0)
    ... # other metrics

We then plot the original data along with the model's predictions.

.. code-block:: python

    sorted_idx = np.argsort(x_new)
    x_sorted, y_preds_sorted, y_q05_sorted, y_q95_sorted = [
        arr[sorted_idx] for arr in [x_new, y_preds, y_q05, y_q95]
    ]
    plt.plot(x_sorted, y_preds_sorted, color="black")
    plt.fill_between(x_sorted, y_q05_sorted, y_q95_sorted, color="gray", alpha=0.4)
    plt.scatter(x, y, s=1)

    plt.xlabel("x")
    plt.ylabel("y")
    plt.show()
.. image:: README_example.png
   :alt: Treeffuser on heteroscedastic data with sinuisodal response and fat tails

>    :align: center

Reviewer: I think the beginning is really great. But starting here, the code gets complicated. Also I am not a fan of the plot (it's jiggly). 

Can the plot show something else? Maybe a smooth ground truth and treeffuser samples? like our figure 1.
To further simplify the code, we could have an example.py inside treeffuser such that the readme becomes 
```python
from treeffuser.examples import simulation_sin_get_data, simulation_sin_plot

x, y, x_test = simulation_sin_get_data(n=1000) 
...
# plotting section
plt.scatter(x, y, s=1)
simulation_data_plot(mean=True, quantiles=[0.05, 0.095])
```

What do you think?

Reviewer: After the plot, we can still have a last section saying: 
```python
# Use samples to estimate any quantity of interest from `p(y|x)`
y_mean = y_samples.mean(axis=0)
y_q05, y_q95 = np.quantile(y_samples, q=[0.05, 0.95], axis=0)
y_std = ...
```

Reviewer: My point being that we don't have to show those estimates (since they are ugly).
(If really you want to show the predicted mean, then I would suggest to use scatter (no line) and reduce the number of test point to maybe 20, so that it does not appear jiggly. 
But I still think ground truth is more important, to show we are learning the correct thing,

Author: good point! i wanted to show probabilistic prediction in action using treeffuser (something more than plotting samples or histograms), but i see how the jiggly plot may be misinterpreted. let's add two components as originally suggested by @velezbeltran and just plot samples vs raw data. i'll add that either tonight or tomorrow.

Author: that should greatly simplify the code for plotting. if we want to add something like Figure 1 to show the bimodality of the distribution, we can defer the code to a script as you suggested. i like the idea of closing the example with the "samples are for you to play with" part.

> Please refer to the docstrings for more information on the available methods and parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to the documentation for more information on the available methods and parameters.
```
